Version 1.10 Docs (#505)
KxSystems/kx-vscode: README.md

- Use GGPlot2 to create visualizations, such as a bar plot showing the total transaction amount by month.

- Run the script within VSCode. The chart is generated and displayed in the VSCode plot viewer, and you can save the plot.
  **Note**: When executing GG scripts, calling `.qp.display` displays the plot locally.

![gg-plot](https://github.com/KxSystems/kx-vscode/blob/main/img/gg-plot.png?raw=true)

You can make changes to the script before exporting the plot. Re-running the script updates to reflect the changes.

> **Note**: When executing GG script commands in PyKX, `KDB RESULTS` tab should be selected to display the plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: When executing GG script commands in PyKX, select the `KDB RESULTS` tab to display the plot.
```

Reviewer: Is selecting the `KDB RESULTS` tab just optional but recommended? Otherwise I would rephrase as suggested above.

Author: It is required otherwise a plot will not come up when using PyKX
